INTMDB-224: [Terraform] Support AtlasGov with Terraform (#865)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/projects.html.markdown

* `is_performance_advisor_enabled` - Flag that indicates whether to enable Performance Advisor and Profiler for the project. If enabled, you can analyze database logs to recommend performance improvements.
* `is_realtime_performance_panel_enabled` - Flag that indicates whether to enable Real Time Performance Panel for the project. If enabled, you can see real time metrics from your MongoDB database.
* `is_schema_advisor_enabled` - Flag that indicates whether to enable Schema Advisor for the project. If enabled, you receive customized recommendations to optimize your data model and enhance performance. Disable this setting to disable schema suggestions in the [Performance Advisor](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/performance-advisor/#std-label-performance-advisor) and the [Data Explorer](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-ui/#std-label-atlas-ui).

> * `region_usage_restrictions` - Project for government regions have restriction parameters to confine resources to particular regions [Government Cloud](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/government/api/#creating-a-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `region_usage_restrictions` - If GOV_REGIONS_ONLY the project can be used for government regions only, otherwise defaults to standard regions. For more information see [MongoDB Atlas for Government](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/government/api/#creating-a-project).
```

Author: Updated
